hello everybody CB I'm here with another
vs. video deck tech along with DVD the
BBD the only one a BVD OAB media 8 feet
listen to see ABC video so we're going
to be playing the mono green a gross /
devotion deck that Mason language top
aided the open in Milwaukee with this
weekend so we don't have Nick sews but
we do just have a bunch of three power
to many creatures instead so rather than
trying to go big with our devotion we're
just going to try and beat the crap out
of our ponent before they can do
anything so as we see here we do have
elvish mystic to accelerate us and
experiment one to get giant along with
BVDs old standby burning tree emissary
two best buds best buds add to make you
know a broken turn two but similar to
how the red deck started playing gore
house chain waka we have our own little
a 3 power creature for 2 mana with brush
Strider so brush Strider is just another
aggressive creature that we can cast off
of a burning tree emissary that allows
us to further evolve our experiment 1 so
with this type of build we have place
where we go experiment one on one and
then burning tree brushed right around
to which allows us to attack with a 3
power experiment one on turn to wear our
ponent probably just has like at a plant
in play because they scribe yeah that
doesn't sound like a very realistic turn
to though I think you missed like the
other two burning trees yeah well
unfortunately it's not going to evolve
our experiment 1 anymore so don't really
need them but I'll take them and then
further along we have kalonian Tusker
with just another 3 power to mana
creature scavenge news which is just a
very good creature right now especially
the deck just has like 100 guys they're
just going to dump in a dynasty to make
them bigger then we have Reverend hunter
which is the lone devotion mechanic card
in the deck besides my Leah but because
we have all of these cheap creatures and
burning train mystery to fuel out some
explosive turns reven hunter could be
like a 66 on turn 3 when you know like a
for four or five on turn 2 which is
still pretty powerful yeah yeah
definitely
on top of that we do have boon satyr
which is just a very very good card nye
Leo like I had mentioned earlier and
then we have some combat tricks with
mending touch to regenerate a creature
this card saw quite a bit of play in the
sideboard of the old band hexproof decks
as waste to regenerate our creatures
against like bonfire and things like
that but here you know we're just going
to be protecting anything really like
because we're putting so much pressure
on our opponents you know blanking one
of the removal spells is usually going
to be enough unless they happen to you
know just have a whole bunch of removal
+ it allow us to save our biggest
creature in the face of like supreme
verdict so save me like a 55 Reverend
hunter would be just enough to win the
game yes Rangers guile you know very
similar except it gives us plus one plus
one and a way to blank removal spell
then we have spotter horn which is a
card that hasn't seen a whole lot of
play the red version rebel Belle maca
has been seen a little bit of play
recently but slaughter horn is you know
just a giant grow that they can't
counter which is pretty good we just
have a million creatures and it also is
a nice play sometimes off of like a
burning tree emissary to evolve your
experiment one um it you know it's while
you think of it as like a giant growth
sometimes it's actually just a creature
too and it's not that bad not the three
to four three yeah like it's we have
played worse creatures before that's for
sure definitely have them as we see over
here we have a grove of mutavault
surrounded by all the beautiful forests
just got a bunch of basics and some man
lands yeah that uh that mana base looks
a lot like my favorite Laurel and pump
spell which is fistful of force fistful
of force that is what this man a base
looks like yeah so here's the main deck
for our mono green aggro deck let's go
and take a look at the sideboard and see
you know what kind of strategic options
the deck like this is going to have
probably a lie yeah welcome back
everybody here we have the sideboard for
the mono green aggro deck as we can see
here the deck is full of dudes and so is
the sideboard so we have for natalie's
disciple is a way to punish all the
crazy people out there playing Boros
drama war leaders helix in their deck
right now we have four miss cutter
hydras as a way to you know combat our
control opponents primarily anything
with smokes is revelation be a blue
light
sperm and we have a third scavenging
news because the card is just really
really good and a bramble crush as a way
to kill troublesome permanence so cards
like detention sphere Jace Elspeth those
are all very good cards basically a
swamp with underworld connections
egeland swamp with on a real connections
on it that is also another good one then
we have three dried militants so I
didn't get a chance to talk with Mason
before I decided I wanted to play this
in the video but my belief is that he
has dried Melton in the sideboard just
as another aggressive one man a creature
to come in the matchup similar to wear
the red decks would have like a fire
drinker seder just to try and go under
the sweepers and go under the removal
that the trip opponents are going to
have yeah that makes a lot of sense and
I feel like along with mending touch
your game plan against control that's
like you probably want to just like be
as aggressive as you possibly can you
know have them supreme verdict you save
one guy keep hitting with that guy and
then hopefully like Miss Carter Hydra
finishes the job yeah or something like
that and I think having access to more
one drops can like help you get in
there's extra four to six points of
damage they can put you in a position
where look I'm this cutter can actually
win it again yep then you have like we
said many in touch to go along with the
other two in the main deck to regenerate
all the creatures so this is the
sideboard I'm really excited to play the
deck it feels like it can have some very
explosive draws it doesn't look like
it's going to be very good going along
as if you don't have the reach that most
of the burned X have but we do have a
lot more powerful creatures and
hopefully brush Strider is worth its
weight in gold so I don't know if he is
we're going to find out
you